Feature/fragmented data statistic (#324)
rticommunity/rticonnextdds-examples: examples/connext_dds/fragmented_data_statistics/README.md

# Example Code: Fragmented Data Statistics

> Example about getting fragmented data statistics.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Example demonstrating how to obtain statistics relating to fragmented data.
```

| DDS_DataWriterProtocolStatus | pushed_fragment_count | The number of DATA_FRAG messages that have been pushed by this DataWriter. |
| DDS_DataWriterProtocolStatus | pulled_fragment_count | The number of DATA_FRAG messages that have been pulled from this DataWriter. |
| DataReaderProtocolStatus | received_fragment_count | The number of DATA_FRAG messages that have been received by this DataReader. |
| DataReaderProtocolStatus | dropped_fragment_count | The number of DATA_FRAG messages that have been dropped by a DataReader. |
| DataReaderProtocolStatus | sent_nack_fragment_count | The number of NACK fragments that have been sent from a DataReader to a DataWriter. |
| DataReaderProtocolStatus | sent_nack_fragment_bytes | The number of NACK fragment bytes that have been sent from a DataReader to a DataWriter. |

For more information about the counters, please refer to the API Reference HTML
documentation or the [User Manuals](https://community.rti.com/static/documentation/connext-dds/6.1.0/doc/manuals/connext_dds_professional/users_manual/index.htm#users_manual/Statuses_for_DataWriters.htm).

## Example Description

> In this example, we illustrate how to access the fragmented data statistics:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this example, we show how to access the fragmented data statistics:
```

> In order to update the statistics we have written large data samples, which is

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to update the fragmented data statistics we write large data samples, which are
```

fragmented.

The configuration we are using results in each sample being made up of 3
fragments. Assuming no repairs are sent, this means that the fragment counters
should be three times higher than the sample counters.

In the subscriber application, we retrieve the DataReader Protocol Status and
log the relevant values. The expected output is:

```plaintext
Fragmented Data Statistics:

>      received_fragment_count 330

Reviewer: why is there a discrepancy between recieved_fragment_count and pushed_fragment_count?

Author: It was just copied at a different moment.
I do not think it is that important.
